
Knights Cohort Story

Sir Ratzo was sent on a quest to retrieve Excalibur from a bandit camp in the Lawless sector
Bannerlady was sent with him as her first outing, and her role was to attempt to negotiate with the pirates, and serve as liason to any friendly factions they meet
Halla, as a senior knight, was sent to supervise them and guide them

they have some adventures as they make their way over to the lawless sector

----- RATZO MEMORY 1 ------
Ratzo recieving the quest from Halla "Ratzo, today's your lucky day"
"it is?"
"quest time! and you're bringing Halla and Emily with you"


----- RATZO MEMORY 2 ------
eventually they run into a pirate, who immediately attempts to mug them. 
Halla> Ratzo, don't-
Ratzo> A duel??? We accept!!
Halla exasperated> Of course.
They lose the fight, and Emily's comms go to static. Ruby is horrified, Ratzo wishes her well on her new "quest"


----- Ratzo Memory 3 -----
They've done some reconnisance (Ratzo has a clever streak in him under all the thickheaddedness), maybe by talking to the walrus
and tracked the pirates that they fought before (if anyone knows what's happened to her, it's them)
finds out they're going to the cobalt

time skip

they spot the ship
huh, why's the ship glowing? ... wait, there's no way
hey ruby? I think I found excalibur. 
yeah, I can see that. that pirate ship is glowing
what? that tiny light? no look over here. now THAT'S a glow
Core explosion flash sweeps over the scene


----- Emily Memory 1 -----
34 Days Before

Emily (sad): I just-
Emily (sad): I don't know if I'm cut out for knighthood, I...
Halla (eyes closed, gently serious): Emily.
Halla: Do you know why I gave you the banner?
BLACK
Young Emily, looking up with expectation and hope and wonder: ...
BLACK
Emily: No, I don't understand, I don't have skill with a sword, I don't have the manners of a proper knight, why am I here?
Halla: I gave it to you because the bannerholder is a leader. I gave it to you because of who you are, Emily. Not because of anything so silly as skill with a sword. No, enough training will make anyone a master. Emily, you have great courage and great heart. Be proud of that.


----- Emily Memory 2 -----

Explosions rock the ship
Emily (nervous)> Guys, I don't think the ship can take this, we gotta eject! We gotta do SOMETHING!
Ruby (fierce)> Hold on Emily, we got them right where we want them! We-
explosion rocks the ship
Emily (static)>
Ruby (face falling)> We... 
Ruby (continuing to fall)> I...
Ruby (anguished / disbelief)> Emily?



----- EMILY MEMORY 3 -----
Day 127
Pirate 2> Ohoho! A knight! I heard your order pays out ransoms. I reckon you'll fetch at least a relic of some sort.
Pirate 1> But where do we keep her until the other knights arrive...? It's not like we have prisons.
Emily> Well if I'm worth at least some magical relic, seems to me like you should keep me in your ship's vault. // storehouse?? idk
Pirate 2> Don't-
Pirate 1> You're totally right! What a great idea!
Pirate 2> This is a terrible idea-
Pirate 2> Wait. If we convince her we'll split the haul with her order, maybe...

// Something about bringing her to the Cobalt, maybe having her wield excalibur to help them in some heist. they can't pick it up anyway

Day 134
Pirate 2> If you're just gonna keep trying mutiny, you can wait in here until we're done with the Cobalt.
Emily> Ouhf!
Vault door> *slam!*
Emily, just eyes in darkness> I can't believe that worked. 
Emily, just eyes in darkness, squint> Alright. Now... where are you?
Excalibur>
Emiliy> Aha!
Emily's hands with cut ropes hanging off of them> If this sword is even half of what they say it is, it'll have no problem with that door
Valut door>
*no dialouge box for a second*
Vault door, split in half>
Emily, fierce> Have at you!!
Pirate 1> You! How'd you get out?
Pirate 2> Ugh. The giant glowing sword, maybe?
Emily, scared> Wait, that light, that's not from the sword, what is-
Core explosion flash sweeps over the scene



----- Ruby Memory 1 -----

Young Halla, inducted into the knight order, talking to Ruby
Halla's asking Ruby for advice on something, Ruby's unsure, Halla hits her with the little kid "but *I* believe in you" causing Ruby to pause and think

BLACK SCREEN

Toddler Halla: Ms Dwagon? 
Young Halla: Will you 
Teenage Halla: help me
Adult Halla: to get you to see
Old Halla: what you're really made of?


----- RUBY MEMORY 2 -----
immediately after the Ratzo memory where they lose Emily. Ruby is disconsolate, she's lost another. She tells Ratzo off for being excited about her "new quest". If she didn't die in that fight, then certainly she's dead now, in the hands of pirates. Ratzo successfuly reassures her. They decide to look for her.
don't reference Emily by name
draw portraits of 3-4 other knights (as ghosts?) and have each of them say "..." at the start of the memory, followed by Ruby with closed eyes saying "I've lost another..."

Ratzo> *slap*
Ruby> Hey! What was that for??
Ratzo> She could still be out there Ruby, we have to-
Ruby> What are you talking about Ratzo?! She's dead and it's my fault. I've killed-
Ratzo> *slap*
Ruby> HEY!!
Ratzo> You're not listening to me. Her transponder was still communicating.
Ratzo> We recieved static yes, but that means her command module was intact.
Ruby> No... It can't be... could it?
Ratzo> It can, and it is. And we will find her.


----- Ruby Memory 3 -----
248 Days Before

// TODO: needs something before this line, maybe Ruby coming to Halla 
Ruby: 
Halla: I can't tell you anything you don't already know
Halla: But I can tell you something you don't want to acknowledge
Ghost knight 1: Safety is an illusion.
Ghost knight 2: What you should wish for instead
Ghost knight 3: is the strength to rebuild.
Ghost knight 4: You know this.
Ghost knight 5: And you've had it.
Halla: Every time.


knight 1: secretary bird
knight 2: little starling constantly flying to stay in frame (frame 1 at top of arc, wings down, frame 2 drop one pixel, wings half extend, frame 3 drop one pixel, wings full spread, frame 4 up one pixel, wings mostly closed)
knight 3: honey badger in a space suit (like sanghili space suits from Reach) with a plume on the helmet and a rifle strapped to his back
knight 4: scarred and serious red squirrel (like jester)
knight 5: (Rithaniel's idea): A very prim and respectful black bear who is honestly a bit too large for his armor (needs a big moustache)
additional: hyena



----- First Ruby/Emily run intro -----
Have Ruby call Emily by the wrong name - the name of a knight that's now long dead (and appears in the list that Ruby gets flashbacks of)
Ruby: Jonna? What are you doing here?
Emily (squint): ... I think I'm Emily actually?
Ruby: Oh. Are you sure?
Emily: ...
Emily: Not in the slightest.





---------------------------------





They kind of have triforce arcs
Emily reveals her courage
Ratzo reveals his wisdom
Ruby  reveals her strength


NOTE: I don't think this story works exactly right, Ruby memory 3 doesnt hit quite right because the loss of Emily is something Ruby's in part, direclty responsible for
perhaps the start of that memory has her claim responsibility, but still want to give up. She founded the order to bring safety but it hasn't worked at all
or perhaps she shouldn't be so excited about the duel. maybe the pirate attacks and she gives the angry face and says "alright, weapons hot." and in the memory where Emily's lost, her response to emily's "we need to leave" is an angry "Just a little to the left, we've almost got them lined up"

I do like the idea of Ruby valuing safety, as a shield user


In Ratzo fight, instead of offering duel, give both ships a vow of chivalry (the one that says don't hit weak points)


----- RUBY PRE MEMORY 1 -----
Cobalt> That is quite the expression you have.
Ruby (smug/smirking)> Hello. I'm contracting your services. Name your price.
Cobalt> That is not how this works.
Ruby> Alright, I'll name it then, my hoard is vast. Whatever your price is, I can afford it.
Cobalt> ... I have no interest in gold.
Ruby (surprised)> ...
Ruby> are you sure?
Cobalt> Quite.


----- RUBY PRE MEMORY 3 -----
Cobalt> You seem like you have something you wish to ask.
Ruby> ... can I talk to them? Just one time.
Cobalt> I am afraid that is something I do not have the ability to do for you.
Ruby> Even just one of them. Any of them. Please?
Cobalt> You have another chance now. Be with those who are still here.

